README.md, before:

# food-search-api

Food Search API provides the hungry user with a tool to find recipes! Integration of the Food2Fork API allows the user to search for recipes by ingredients in their inventory. The user can then save the search results and generate a list of saved recipes they want to cook.

## Technologies Used

<li> Express.js </li>
<li> NodeJS </li>
<li> Mongoose </li>
<li> MongoDB </li>
<li> JavaScript </li>
<li> jQuery </li>
<li> AJAX </li>
<li> Bootstrap </li>
<li> HTML5 </li>
<li> CSS3 </li>
<li> Food2Fork API </li>
<li> RESTful route design </li>
<li> CRUD </li>

## App Stories

* user will be able to see existing saved recipes and edit title & rank.
* user will be ale to click 'add new receipe' button and open a modal to search recipes by ingredients.
* user will input ingredients and search for matching recipes.
* user will see results from the ingredients search and either save these results or cancel and start over.

## Sprints

### Sprint 0

- Set up express server and back-end file structure

### Sprint 1

- Serve and display hard-coded data on the page, then connect to a database

### Sprint 2

- Add a form and support creation of new data

### Sprint 3

- Add mongo embedded data

### Sprint 4

- Delete recipe card

### Sprint 5

- Edit and update the recipe information

### Sprint 6

- Update ingredients list and delete ingredients

## Planned Features

Commit message:

Update README.md to include reviews schema

README.md, after:

# food-search-api

Food Search API provides the hungry user with a tool to find recipes! Integration of the Food2Fork API allows the user to search for recipes by ingredients in their inventory. The user can then save the search results and generate a list of saved recipes they want to cook.

## Technologies Used

<li> Express.js </li>
<li> NodeJS </li>
<li> Mongoose </li>
<li> MongoDB </li>
<li> JavaScript </li>
<li> jQuery </li>
<li> AJAX </li>
<li> Bootstrap </li>
<li> HTML5 </li>
<li> CSS3 </li>
<li> Food2Fork API </li>
<li> RESTful route design </li>
<li> CRUD </li>

## App Stories

* user will be able to see existing saved recipes and edit title
* user will be ale to click search for recipes by keyword and return matching results
* user will be able to click "add" button on query results and that recipe will be saved in our database
* user will be able to delete local data
* user will click review button to open a modal with fields for author name, date, and if they would recommend this recipe (yes or no). The results will append review information to that specific recipe.


## Sprints

### Sprint 0

- planning deliverables and sprint setup

### Sprint 1

- Read recipes

### Sprint 2

- Create recipes

### Sprint 3

- Delete recipes

### Sprint 4

- Create and read reviews

### Sprint 5

- Edit and delete reviews

## Planned Features
